1. Frontend Request:
When the user clicks to play the video, the frontend (browser) makes an HTTP request to the backend. This request is typically made via an <video> tag or using JavaScript to trigger the API call.

The URL used in the request typically includes the videoId, which is the identifier of the specific video to stream. For example:

javascript
Copy
Edit
<video src="/stream-video/12345" controls>
In this example, /stream-video/12345 would be the endpoint that maps to the streamVideo controller method in your backend, where 12345 is the videoId.

2. Backend Response (Stream):
Upon receiving the request, the backend (Node.js/Express) enters the streamVideo function.

It fetches the video details (such as the URL of the video) from the database (SubSection.findById(videoId)).

Then it makes an HTTP request (using axios) to fetch the actual video file in small chunks (responseType: 'stream').

The video is streamed directly to the client (browser) using response.data.pipe(res).

3. Data Flow (Streaming):
The pipe() method is a key part of this process. It sends the video data from the backend to the frontend in chunks, as the data becomes available.

This is important because streaming large video files all at once could overwhelm the server and client, so the data is sent incrementally in smaller chunks (as the video plays).

4. Frontend (Video Playback):
As the browser receives the streamed data, it starts playing the video in real-time without downloading the entire video file upfront.

The video is being played while the backend continues to stream data to the frontend.

The connection between the frontend and the backend stays open, and the frontend keeps requesting more video data as needed until the entire video has been streamed and played.

5. Connection Remains Open:
The backend doesn't close the connection immediately after sending the first chunk of video data. Instead, it keeps the connection alive and continues to send more video data as the frontend requests it.

This "persistent connection" means that the backend and frontend are continuously communicating as long as the video is being played.

If the video is paused, the frontend may stop requesting data temporarily. If the user seeks a different part of the video, the frontend will make another request to fetch data from that position.

6. How Streaming Works in Real-Time:
Progressive Streaming: The frontend does not need to wait for the entire video to download. It can start playing as soon as the initial chunks are received. As the video continues, more chunks are fetched from the backend and are buffered for playback.

Live Streaming (if applicable): If you're dealing with a live stream, the backend continues sending data to the frontend without a defined "end" (unlike regular videos that end when the video is finished).

How the Backend Manages the Connection:
The backend keeps the connection open while the video is playing and continues to send data as long as the client requests more chunks.

The video may be streamed over a period of time (depending on how long it takes for the video to play) while the connection stays active.

If the frontend pauses the video or seeks to a different part of the video, it will trigger a new request for the corresponding data chunk.

Benefits of this Approach:
Efficiency: Only the necessary video chunks are sent, reducing the need to transfer the entire video upfront.

Reduced Bandwidth Usage: The frontend only gets the data it needs at any given time.

User Experience: The video can start playing immediately while the backend continues to stream the rest of the video in the background.

Real-time Interaction: The video playback is interactive (e.g., pausing, seeking, or adjusting the volume) without needing to reload the entire video file.

In Summary:
Yes, in this way, the frontend stays connected to the backend during video playback. The backend streams the video data in real-time, sending it to the frontend in chunks, and the frontend plays the video as it receives the data. This continuous connection ensures smooth streaming and playback.